well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so president trump caved
he blinked he signed the relief bill
good
so we're gonna go over some takeaways
from this because there are a few
to go through the most important
is that the bill was signed and signed
earlier than most people
projected i didn't have him signing it
until tuesday
some were saying that he was going to
hold off
until after the electoral vote
but he signed this weekend and that's
good
that is good that means payments will
restart
the bad news is that there was already a
break the deadline had already lapsed
if you are dependent on unemployment
payments
through these programs
make preparations for you to miss a
payment
because it's likely the government is an
unwieldy machine
it takes time to start and stop so
it is uh it's pretty probable
that a lot of americans are going to
miss a payment
if you can i don't know how you can but
if you can
um try to plan for it try to mitigate it
somehow i i don't know how
you'd really be able to do that with as
little assistance as being given out
um so
that's one takeaway another is that it
does appear
that senator mcconnell is winning the
internal power struggle for control of
the republican party
there are still some other things that
will be able to gauge by
the electoral vote and the elections
in georgia the uh trump
has decided to campaign and throw his
weight behind the candidates in georgia
that is going to tie him to the outcome
of those races
whether they win or lose and how much
the senators and representatives believe
trump influenced that win or loss
that's all going to figure into the
political
calculations that are going on right now
we will get to know for sure who has won
the power struggle when they do the
electoral votes
my guess is mcconnell is going to win
the smart money is on mcconnell
when this occurs and undoubtedly
some will launch objections
keep in mind scale if you have just a
handful
supporting them mcconnell won
if there's a lot of them trump won
which means he is going to retain
political power
we can safely assume that he does not
have as much influence within the
republican party
as a lot of his supporters believe
because if he did he wouldn't have had
to blink on this
he wouldn't have had to cave
the other thing to keep in mind is that
this wasn't about you this was not about
the american people
nobody cares the people involved in this
decision
the people playing these political games
do not care about you
this is all about political power and
seeing who can get the most after the
transition
in true trump fashion he created
a situation that uh
put people at risk and then
tried to act like the savior
it's it's classic trump you know
so those are the key takeaways but
please
just because this bill was signed please
understand that there is likely to be a
delay
in payments there could be a break um
and i i know there's no real way to
to schedule for it at this point but
just be aware that it's coming in
anything you can do to
lessen its impact on you would be good
this is also going to hinder
economic recovery because even though it
may only be one missed payment
that's a lot of money that isn't going
to be spent
so it may slow that down
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day